while I has a ranch limit of 100 meters
this is not as efficient when we are
talking about with our high speed zones
right so what we're doing here is we're
having the diversion and Hannah that can
extend the distance significantly
so the key thing in our in our bad
customers in the rationale and Hannah
and also the head in control and this to
work together to be able to extend the
distance to up to five kilometers so
this will be very useful in Quentin's
disaster scenarios when the South Tower
is done so there is no communication
infrastructure however you know in order
to enable animation dissemination the
coordination among the rescue teams and
the control centers we have to have a
structure available to make all of this
happen and this is what we're trying to
provide when we use directional antennas
there's the key challenge the key
challenge is that when the direction are
not aligned the communication is loud so
when the drones are moving or there's a
big wind or things like that the
communication can be easily disrupted so
what we have here is that the rationale
control Pelican self-aligned the
directions the interactions of the
antennas to make sure that the antennas
on different zones can be aligned to
establish the communication link I have
a project from NSF that prophetical
systems on the next generation our
aviation system so the purple is how to
management how to manage clothes
to increase the safety and efficiency of
the next generation aviation we cannot
rely all the communications through the
ground or satellite so if we can have
this technology development for the
drone to zone or fly to fly
communication we can have better
standing and a better coordination and
better safety